# Visualise Multiple Imputation Through Overimputation

This function provides overimputation diagnostics for assessing
imputations generated by 'mice', 'mixgb' or other imputers. It supports
evaluation on both training and test data.

## Usage

``` r
vismi_overimp(
  obj,
  x = NULL,
  y = NULL,
  z = NULL,
  m = NULL,
  imp_idx = NULL,
  integerAsFactor = FALSE,
  title = "auto",
  subtitle = "auto",
  num_plot = "cv",
  fac_plot = "cv",
  train_color_pal = NULL,
  test_color_pal = NULL,
  stack_y = FALSE,
  diag_color = NULL,
  seed = 2025,
  ...
)
```

## Arguments

- obj:

  Overimputation object of class 'overimp' created by the
  [`overimp()`](overimp.md) function.

- x:

  A character string specifying the name of the variable to plot on the
  x axis. Default is NULL.

- y:

  A character string specifying the name of the variable to plot on the
  y axis. Default is NULL.

- z:

  A character string specifying the name of the variable to plot on the
  z axis. Default is NULL.

- m:

  A single positive integer specifying the number of imputed datasets to
  plot. It should be smaller than the total number of imputed datasets
  in the object.

- imp_idx:

  A vector of integers specifying the indices of imputed datasets to
  plot.

- integerAsFactor:

  A logical indicating whether integer variables should be treated as
  factors. Default is FALSE (treated as numeric).

- title:

  A string specifying the title of the plot. Default is "auto"
  (automatic title based on `x,y,z` input). If NULL, no title is shown.

- subtitle:

  A string specifying the subtitle of the plot. Default is "auto"
  (automatic subtitle based on `x,y,z` input). If NULL, no subtitle is
  shown.

- num_plot:

  A character string specifying the type of plot for numeric variables.

- fac_plot:

  A character string specifying the type of plot for categorical
  variables.

- train_color_pal:

  A vector of colors for the training data. If NULL, default colors will
  be used.

- test_color_pal:

  A vector of colors for the test data. If NULL, default colors will be
  used.

- stack_y:

  A logical indicating whether to stack y values in certain plots.
  Default is FALSE.

- diag_color:

  A character string specifying the color of the diagonal line in
  scatter plots. Default is NULL.

- seed:

  An integer specifying the random seed for reproducibility. Default is
  2025.

- ...:

  Additional arguments to customize the plots, such as position,
  point_size, linewidth, alpha, xlim, ylim, boxpoints, width.

## Value

An `overimp_plot` object displaying the overimputation plots for
training and test data (if users set `test_ratio > 0` in the
[`overimp()`](overimp.md) function.)

## Examples

``` r
obj <- overimp(data = nhanes3, m = 5, p = 0.2, test_ratio = 0.2, method = "mixgb")
vismi_overimp(obj = obj, x = "head_circumference_cm", num_plot = "cv")
```
